I think some good strategies for your presence is being consistent with
your personality. I think as you look at leaders, even bad leaders
and good leaders, if you have somebody who is inconsistent, that you
don't know which person is going to be there to greet you that day,
that is the most worst environment you could be in so consistency.
Whether if you're a harsh leader or somebody who is a little bit more
firm, the consistency matters and the same thing. If you're ah, more
laid back or relaxed leader, I think it's something that they're
going to expect when they come into a situation as they meet your intent,
they're going to know how to approach you, and so I think that
is probably the most important characteristic.